                     Differences from the OG
=================================================================
This doc must hold all differences from the OG that are not con-
trollable via options. So for example, if we have an option that
is off by default that, when enabled, makes a change to game me-
chanics, that does not have to be listed here; it can be listed
in the corrections.txt doc or rebalancing.txt.

                 Sinking Ships and Units Onboard
                 -------------------------------
  In the OG, when a ship is damaged/sunk, it affects all other
  ships on the square. When there are multiple ships on the de-
  fending square and the defender loses, all of the ships and on-
  board units on the square will be either sunk or damaged, ac-
  cording to the normal rules for determining that (which in-
  cludes some randomness as well as considerations as to the
  total navy size of that player). However, when the attacker
  loses (and there are units in the cargo of one of the ships on
  the attacker's square) the attacker and all units go away, but
  the other ships on the attacker's square remain, without their
  units. In other words, when an attacking ship loses, the other
  ships on its square are unaffected, but units on the square go
  away. We will not be replicating this behavior with respect to
  onboard units on the attacker's square in the NG, though we
  will be replicating the fact that all ships on the defending
  square will be sunk or damaged if the defender loses (and
  therefore their units must be eliminated).

                Naval Battle Mechanics & Navy Size
                ----------------------------------
  The mechanics of naval battles are retained to a very high de-
  gree of accuracy, with the exception of one thing: the OG seems
  to skew the results of ship battles according to the overall
  size of the players' navies, perhaps with the intention of dis-
  couraging large naval fleets by making it more likely that
  ships will sink (rather than be damaged) in such a situation.
  In RN we do not do that.

                    Ships in Abandoned Colony
                    -------------------------
  In the OG, when a colony is abandoned, any ships in port are
  left on the square. Then if you try to attack on with a land
  unit the game panics. In RN, whenever a colony goes away for
  any reason, any ships left in port are marked as damaged and
  moved for repair. If there is no port available for repair then
  they are destroyed.

                    Units on Ships in a Colony
                    --------------------------
  In the OG it is not possible to actually put a unit on a ship;
  the unit just remains on the map and travels with the ship.
  When it is in a colony, it is sentried, then when the next ship
  leaves the units will move with it. This mechanism has prob-
  lems, most notably the fact that two ships on the same square
  both with units in their cargo lose track of which units were
  on which ship. In RN, a unit can actually be on the cargo of a
  ship, just like commodities. However, this does raise a ques-
  tion as to what happens when a colony is attacked and said
  colony has a ship in port containing a military unit in its
  cargo? Another question is, when a colony is destroyed by
  braves and the ships are sent for repair, what should happen to
  the units in the cargo? The position that RN takes is that
  whenever there is an ambiguity having to do with units being in
  the cargo of a ship that is on a land square, those units (or
  unit) will be offboarded from the ship and then the behavior of
  the OG will be applied. So for example, when a ship in a colony
  port containing military units is attacked, one of those mili-
  tary units, if chosen to defend, will be offboarded from the
  ship to defend, and then will remain at the gate. When a colony
  is destroyed or captured, all units are offboarded first, then
  things proceed as usual as if those units had been at the gate
  all along. The basic idea is that we want to replicate the be-
  havior of the OG in all cases except for the bugs/problems as-
  sociated with the ambiguity arising when two ships with unit
  cargos are on the same ocean square (which is fixed in RN).

                Disbanding Units on Ships at Sea
                --------------------------------
  Likely related to this is the fact that the OG forbids dis-
  banding a ship at sea that contains units. The reason for this
  is probably that, if it were to allow it, it would only be able
  to allow it when there is a single ship on the square in order
  to avoid the ambiguity problem of which units are on the ship.
  For consistency, the designers probably just decided to forbid
  it completely. The workaround is to just select the units on
  the ship and activate them individually and disband them before
  disbanding the ship, with the same effect. There is an edge
  case where one of the units on the ship cannot be activated be-
  cause it has already moved this turn, but that is probably
  rare. Thus, in RN we allow it by default, since it 1) has no
  ambiguity problems, 2) there is a workaround for it anyway,
  thus preventing it would just make things more difficult for
  the player without any reason.

  Note that, even in the OG, this issue does not arise for ships
  in colony ports, since they can't hold units either; any units
  on the square are at the colony gate, and so the OG allows dis-
  banding ships there since it doesn't require destroying the
  units. In order to mimic this, when we destroy a ship con-
  taining units in a colony port, we will first offboard those
  units, in accordance with the principles layed out in sections
  above that seek to always replicate the OG's behavior with re-
  spect to units on ships, where there would be an ambiguity due
  to the fact that the NG does support units on ships properly.

                      Silver Mining Rate
                      ------------------
  In some versions of the OG, silver mining productivity is re-
  duced on non-prime-silver tiles and then is not subject to
  standard bonuses (road, river), almost as if the designers
  wanted to reduce overall silver production (for balancing pur-
  poses) at the last minute and hard-coded some values for
  nonprime-silver tiles. This game mirrors that behavior. How-
  ever, it has been reported that in other versions of the OG,
  this is not the case. So if you are comparing with the latter
  versions, then there will be a difference with this game. How-
  ever, even if you compare with the former version that this new
  game mirrors, there is still a slight difference: this game
  does allow Sol/tory bonuses/penalties on those non-prime-silver
  tiles.

                    Silver Mining Depletion
                    -----------------------
  At least some versions of the game have the concept of "de-
  pleted prime silver." When a normal prime silver tile is
  worked, it will eventually turn into a "depleted prime silver
  tile" that yields less. This game adopts that same mechanism.
  So if you are comparing with versions of the game that don't
  have that, then there will be differences. It is not known
  whether such versions exist, but they might, since the concept
  of depleted silver is not mentioned in the SG at all.

               Silver and Minerals Depletion Time
               ----------------------------------
  The mechanism that determines how long it takes for a silver or
  minerals deposit to deplete is slightly changed in the NG; see
  doc/depletion.txt for details.

                        Custom House
                        ------------
  In the NG we do not allow the Custom House to sell boycotted
  goods by default, since people seem to agree that it was a bug
  that the OG allowed it.

  One strategy that was possible in the OG that is no longer pos-
  sible as a result of this change is that in the OG one could
  focus on getting Stuyvesant as soon as possible and, in the
  meantime, boycotting every attempt at a tax hike. That way,
  when Stuyvesant is eventually acquired and colonies build
  Custom Houses, one could then sell goods at zero tax rate in-
  definitely, since there would then never be a reason to accept
  a tax hike, at least until all goods were already boycotted.
  However, to deal with the latter, one could time it so that
  Fugger is obtained just when that happens, thereby doubling the
  amount of time before mandatory tax hikes start to arrive. But
  by then it is almost at the end of the game anyway, and at that
  point it is easy (and cheaper likely) to buy off boycotts than
  to accept tax hikes.

  With this change (fix) in the NG the above strategy is no
  longer possible, and thus gameplay is impacted in a nontrivial
  way. Thus, there is a compatability flag in the config files
  that one can set to restore the OG's behavior and allow Custom
  Houses to sell boycotted goods if one wants to play in that
  way.

                       Goto Harbor
                       -----------
  Normally when a ship is adjacent to a sea lane square it takes
  to movements to go to the harbor: one to move onto the sea lane
  tile and another to go to the harbor. But if you instead click
  on Orders -> Go to Port, then it can skip that first movement
  and go to the port directly on the first sea lane square, which
  can save a turn when you would otherwise end a ships turn on
  that first movement onto the sea lane square. This seems like a
  bug/oversight that we will fix for consistency. In the NG, the
  go-to-harbor command will stil require those two hops as it
  would if you were moving the unit manually.

                   Missionary Strength
                   -------------------

  The OG, despite claims from the OST, does not seem to distin-
  guish the non-expert levels in missionaries (criminal, servant,
  and colonist), since it does not store this info in its data
  model (however, it does differentiate between jesuit and
  non-jesuit). You can see this by making a criminal a mission-
  ary, adding it into a dwelling, then destroying the dwelling to
  release the missionary, and observe that it has become a free
  colonist. And that is without saving, so the game doesn't store
  it in memory either. That said, it's also been confirmed that
  the sav files don't have that information either.

  At the time of writing this has not been checked by observing
  convert production time differences between e.g. criminals and
  free colonists, but the data-model related evidence seems
  strong enough.

  Although it's hard to say for sure, this seems like an uninten-
  tional omission or bug in the game, since the OST mentions the
  difference in effectivness and such a difference would be con-
  sistent with other production related strengths of those units
  in colony buildings. From a design standpoint, it seems better
  to differentiate those units when it comes to strength as mis-
  sionaries, otherwise the player could just use all criminals as
  missionaries and they'd be as effective as free colonies,
  thereby making criminals more valuable than they probably
  should be. So in the NG we will differentiate then in terms of
  their effectiveness as missionaries.
