Harbor View TODO
----------------

  1.  If the harbor view opens and there is at least one ship in
      some box but there are no ships selected then we should au-
      tomatically select one.
  2.  The OG opens a confirmation box before purchasing things in
      the Purchase box. We might consider doing the same for the
      Train box, though the OG doesn't do that. Maybe just for
      the more expensive ones?
  3.  Fix up any text rendering issues introduced as a result of
      the character packing change.
  4.  Units on the dock might need a shadow behind them to help
      distinguish them, especiall those toward the edge that have
      the water behind them. Or if not a shadow then at least an
      outline. Don't forget the ref units that are rendered
      post-declaration. This needs to be tested when the unit
      spacing is dense.
  5.  There is a written-out summary of the last transaction that
      lingers under the top bar... should decide if/how we want
      to do this. Seems like it might be useful.
  6.  Allow dragging tools/muskets/horses to units on the dock to
      equip them. Not allowing this might end up being
      non-intuitive to the player given that it is allowed in all
      other cases.
  7.  Make some kind of animation or sound effect for when a
      treasure is reimbursed.
  8.  Consider adjusting the hue of the water/sky to make it more
      blue and less red.
  9.  The smaller market plates need to be made taller.
  10. Refactor the backdrop/dock modules so that we can render
      the game intro sequence. Don't forget the different light
      levels and stars.
  11. Experiment with giving units in cargo slots a light outline
      like we do for commodities.
  12. The way that items are positioned inside the cargo slots
      might need to be tweaked: units and commodities are not
      aligned, they are all too low, and they don't looks like
      they are inside the box.
  13. When a ship is purchased, that new ship should be auto se-
      lected (just seems to feel like the right thing to do).
  14. When a ship is made to sail to the new world and we're
      checking if there are any remaining ships in port (to know
      whether we should close the harbor view screen) we should
      exclude ships in port that are damaged.
  15. Add a menu item when clicking on a unit on the dock to load
      them into the currently selected ship. This might make the
      new unit loading mechanism more discoverable for existing
      users.
  16. Need to help the player understand that units on the dock
      don't automatically board ships (more for existing play-
      ers). The first time a ship sails to the new world with
      cargo space available for a unit and there is a unit on the
      dock, and the player has never put a unit in the cargo of a
      ship in the harbor, give the player a hint to ask if they
      really want to sail to the new world.
  17. Make sure that the country names are correct in the title
      bar. For example, in the OG for the dutch it just says "Am-
      sterdam, Netherlands" whereas we are saying "Amsterdam, The
      Netherlands" which sounds wrong.
  18. Make the harbor work with the 480x300 resolution.
  19. When using the unload key, if the first commodity is boy-
      cotted and the player cancels then it won't unload anything
      else. Maybe the unload key should skip over boycotted goods
      unless they are the only ones left.

Pedia
-----
  1. When the rpt menus are open, one can hit F1 to go to the
     pedia for the entry. Perhaps just add the mechanism and a
     stub for the pedia pages.
  2. One can right-click on basically anything on the screen to
     open the pedia screen for it.

Not sure yet
------------

  1. Need to add some kind of keyboard navigation to the harbor
     view to allow the player to cycle through units with the
     keyboard.
  2. Find a way to visually indicate how much cargo a ship has so
     that the player doesn't have to click on them to find one
     that has cargo. In the OG this is more useful because one
     cannot click on ships that are not in port, and also units
     in general wouldn't show in the cargo anyway. But in the NG
     we can click on the units.

Leaning No
----------

  1. UI to rotate dock/ship units. This is less necessary now
     that we have the "move to front" feature for in-port ships.
     It would only be useful for exposing ships or units that are
     not visible, but given how many ships the harbor can hold
     and how many units the dock can hold, it probably isn't nec-
     essary.
  2. Units on dock/land cast shadows. This sounds like more
     trouble than it is worth.