This doc lists some ideas for rebalancing the game.

Special Nation Abilities

  It seems to be the case that people generally feel that the
  Dutch overall have the strongest advantages (slower price move-
  ment and merchantman), so here we will list some possibilities
  for bringing the four nations on par. Instead of reducing the
  abilities of the Dutch, we will increase the abilities of the
  other nations, since that seems like it would produce a more
  fun game since there'd be a more diverse set of possible
  strategies.

  French:

    * Hardy pioneer.
    * Reduced native alarm rate.
    * The french start with Jean de Brebeuf, so all missionaries
      function as experts.
    * The cost of blessing missionaries in europe does not in-
      crease (see general changes section).

  Spanish:

    * Veteran soldier.
    * In addition to the 50% bonus when attacking native
      dwellings, they get a 50% bonus in any combat against na-
      tives.
    * When burning a native village it yields more treasure on
      average (50%?), when it yields treasure. This will compound
      with Hernan Cortez. Another option would have been to give
      the Spanish Hernan Cortez at the start of the game, but
      that might be too much since that also means that the king
      transports the treasure free of charge, which makes a huge
      difference in the early game.

  English:

    * 2/3 crosses needed to attract immigrants as usual.
    * Probability of criminals and servants appearing on the dock
      is noticeably lower than for the other nations, though not
      zero. Another option would have been to give the English
      William Brewster at the start of the game, but that might
      be a bit too much.

Founding Father Enhancements:

  * Paul Revere:

    Paul Revere will allow a colonist to pick up stockpiled mus-
    kets. In the original game it appears that this will only
    happen once no matter how many muskets are in the colony. For
    this reason Paul Revere is considered not to be worth much.
    However, in order to make him worth more, we can expand his
    effects to have the colonist (a veteran if available) keep
    taking up as many muskets and horses as are available repeat-
    edly until they are gone, fighting as if he was a dragoon or
    soldier each time (possibly with a fortification bonus). Only
    when they are all depeleted does he fight like a normal
    colonist, and that will be the last battle as usual if he
    loses. This would allow e.g. a colony with a warehouse expan-
    sion to have 300 horses, and 300 muskets, and a veteran
    colonist working somewhere in the colony, but no military de-
    fending its gates, and this would be equivalent to having six
    fortified veteran dragoons defending the colony! This might
    actually make Revere too powerful, maybe the colonists should
    only pick up muskets and not also horses.

    On a related note, figure out how to deal with military units
    that are in the cargo of ships in the port of the colony
    being attacked. This issue doesn't come up in the original
    game. Maybe Paul Revere could enable them to fight?

General changes to the game:

  * As noted by the FreeCol developers, there is a kind of ex-
    ploit where the player can surround the outer tiles of an is-
    land with units, thereby preventing any foreign nations from
    landing there, making the colonies therein invinsible once
    natives are gone. In order to avoid this, we probably need to
    allow amphibious assalt. Consider allowing it in general, or
    maybe only allowing it after the acquisition of a founding
    father (this would be a good way to strengthen John Paul
    Jone's value).

    One potential downside to allowing it in general would be
    that a unit could attack from a ship, but then opposing units
    on land would not be able to attack it in return. So maybe
    what would happen is that it attacks and, if it wins, then it
    moves onto thd land tile and ends its turn, allowing it to be
    attacked.

  * The player has to pay to bless missionaries in Europe, with
    an increasing cost as with artillery. This does two things:
    First, it incentivizes building a church and makes churches
    more valuable. Second, it allows giving the French an advan-
    tage in that the cost of blessing missionaries for them does
    not increase.

  * Shipyards. The strategy guide says: "A Shipyard is useful if
    you require many ships or engage in much sea combat, but many
    experienced players will find that it can be ignored in favor
    of other construction projects." :-(

    We need to make a change to make ship-building more attrac-
    tive. Some ideas:

      * Lower the building cost of ships.
      * Create a new attractive ship unit that can only be built
        in the new world. A ship that can be used to bombard land
        units could be one such unit. This would also be useful
        to avoid the exploit where one can outline and island
        with fortified land units so that the colonies therein
        will be invinsible (this is discussed in another section
        in this doc).
      * Allow building Man-o-Wars with the ship yard.

    The strategy guide goes on to say: "Colonies' Ships are of
    maximum usefulness before the start qf the war of indepen-
    dence. Afler the war begins they can no longer travel to Eu-
    rope and back, and most are easily sunk or damaged by the
    King's Man-o-War ships. The resources invested in Shipyards
    may be better utilized in other areas in preparation for de-
    claring independence." -- Decide if this needs fixing.

  * The rule where one cannot abandon a colony with a stockade
    seems to be unpopular, frustrating, and nonsensical. We
    should probably figure out why that was done and try to get
    the same effect in another way. Clearly there was a desire to
    prevent the player from abandoning large colonies (either
    after capturing them, or maybe just before the war of inde-
    pendence). Maybe we can introduce another way of preventing
    that. Ideas could be:

      * A stockade still prevents a colony from being abandoned,
        but the player can "sell" the stockade, which will get
        rid of it and allow the player to abandon the colony.
        However, when trying to sell the stockade, the player is
        told that the population of that colony, in exchange for
        the feelins of vulnerability they feel as a result of
        selling the stockade, damand 1/5 of your treasury as com-
        pensation in order to sell it, otherwise they will erect
        a new one. That way, the player has to effectively pay a
        lot to abandon a colony.
      * Once a colony goes above 50% SoL it cannot be abandoned.
      * If a colony exists at population >= 3 for longer than N
        turns then it cannot be abandoned.
      * more?

    Also we should come up with a name for the propery that the
    colony receives which prevents it from being abandoned.

  * Generally, it seems that it is too easy to acquire colonists
    (unskilled) in the new world, to the point that the English
    don't seem appealing. The mechanisms for getting a new un-
    skilled colonist are:

       1. Food production.
       2. LCR survivor.
       3. LCR fountain of youth.
       4. Immigration via crosses.

    At times it even feels like we have more colonists that we
    know what to do with as the mid-game is nearing. This is true
    especially since, towards the end of the game when we do want
    to create a large number of colonists to act as dragoons (if
    using that strategy) then we can easily produce them via food
    production at that time.

    Hence, maybe we should consider nurfing some of the above in
    order to make the English more valuable.

  * Enhance Francisco de Coronado. It might be nice to be able to
    get info about a native dwelling (i.e., has it been visited,
    alarm level, skill, trading demands, etc.) after having vis-
    ited it with a scout, but maybe this should be put behind
    some achievment, like a founding father. There are a few fa-
    thers that could be enhanced to add this feature, but prob-
    ably a good one is Francisco de Coronado. Normally he is kind
    of weak, because 1) he is a one-time effect, and 2) knowing
    the land around other colonies may not be the most useful
    thing. So, in the spirit of exploration and, in particular,
    increased visibility, he could be expanded to allow visi-
    bility into the following properties of each native dwelling:

      After any non-military human colonist visits the dwelling:

        * Teaching skill (since this is visible to all units).

      After a scout or trading vessel visits the dwelling:

        * Trading demands.
        * Tribal alarm level.

    The idea is that, once a piece of info becomes first visible,
    then it will remain visible thereafter, even as it changes.